sample: wifi provisioning: fix typo in macro (#10332)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/provisioning/README.rst

Overview
********

With this sample, you can provision a Wi-Fi device that lacks input or output capability using the :ref:`wifi_prov_readme` library.
The sample is divided into three parts:

* Task and event handling component: Handles provisioning-related tasks and events.
* Transport layer: Based on Bluetooth Low Energy and exchanges information between the device and the nRF Wi-Fi Provisioner app.
* Configuration management component: Manages the provisioning data (in RAM and flash) accessed by multiple threads.

Configuration
*************

> You can adjust the behavior of the sample by changing the configuration below.

Reviewer: See https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/sample_README.html#configuration to add an introductory sentence in this section.
```suggestion
|config|
```

Advertisement data update

> =========================

Reviewer: Is this heading required?

Reviewer 2: I agree with Richa. Because this is the only subheading in this section, it is most likely not needed.

You can enable the :kconfig:option:`WIFI_PROV_ADV_DATA_UPDATE` Kconfig option to get the live update of the Wi-Fi status without setting up a Bluetooth connection.
When periodic update is enabled, the update interval is controlled by the :kconfig:option:`WIFI_PROV_ADV_DATA_UPDATE_INTERVAL` Kconfig option.

Features
********

> The sample implements features below to enhance the user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample implements advertisement feature to advertise over Bluetooth LE.
```

Advertisement

> =============

Reviewer 2: I would argue that this subheading is also not needed here and can be removed.

Author: Will remove this as well
